[animal growling]
-[screeching]
-[howling]
[adventurous music playing]
Here we are in the deepest,
darkest swamps of Louisiana,
investigating reports
of a mysterious creature,
-and the stench of death is everywhere.
-[growling]
Um, that wasn't me.
-Aah! So many mosquitoes!
-[mosquitoes buzzing]
Hey, why are you filming this?
This swamp
is a favorite body-dumping ground
for serial killers,
which is why the wild animals
have a taste for human flesh.
Someone needs to make
an acclaimed independent film
so our families know what happened to us
when they find our soggy,
half-eaten corpses.
Aah! I'm already half-eaten.
Come on, Dietrich. Ham it up a little bit.
We're on a monster hunt in a murder swamp.
[BTG] Not a monster, an invasive species,
which, technically speaking,
is called an alien species.
Ooh, an alien monster!
Why do we have to look for new monsters?
We're surrounded by monsters already.
Ooh! What are the chances
that we find an alpha-draconian reptilian,
who feeds off chaos
and shoots lasers out of his eyes?
Extremely low.
Although, horned lizards shoot toxic blood
out of their eye sockets,
kinda like lasers.
So, alien monsters are real.
No, but pretty much anything you can
imagine an animal doing, an animal does,
and also countless things
you can't even begin to imagine.
Oh, no one's getting out
of this swamp alive.
[farts]
Okay, that time, it was me. [chuckles]
[animal growling]
-[screeching]
-[howling]
[Bonnie] The residents
of this sleepy community
have come in contact
with a creature so bizarre
no one can explain it.
I saw it.
It came out of the trees
with big, glowing eyes.
And I think it ate my cat.
It was yellow.
I think it was a bear dog, or a hog dog.
-[Bonnie] Have you seen the monster?
-The only monster I know is my husband.
[Bonnie] Okay, lady.
And now, our hunt
for the Louisiana swamp beast begins.
-[spits, screams]
-[growls]
[BTG] So, can you tell me again exactly
where and when you last saw the animal?
It's not an animal, I'm telling you.
It's a demon.
I've never seen anything like it.
I was out here watching my cat,
Mr. Peppers, doing one of his lick baths,
when, suddenly, in the darkness,
I saw glowing devil eyes.
He opened his unholy aperture,
and I swear I could see
straight into the gates of hell.
You could hear the haunted chorus
of childrens' souls
screaming for their mothers
in tortured oblivion.
And now my little Mr. Peppers is missing.
-Could be a shadow person. Or a banshee.
-[whimpers]
A poltergeist, maybe.
This just sounds like a potoo.
No, not "po-two."
It's pronounced "poltergeist."
I'm not trying to say "polter-geist."
Polter-jizz, polter-guest.
-What?
The potoo is an extraordinary-looking bird
from the Amazon rainforest.
It's got big, bulging eyes
that can change
from yellow to pitch-black,
and they have slits in their eyelids
which allow them to sense movement
even when their eyes are closed.
They blend in perfectly against trees,
making them almost invisible.
They can swallow small birds whole.
Ow!
But creepiest of all,
their haunting call eerily resembles
a desperate child
crying out for its mother.
[squawking] Mom!
[shudders] Ooh.
Creepy at a testicular level.
[shudders, screams]
[grunts]
It sounds like we're dealing
with an invasive Amazonian avian species.
But how could a potoo
make it all the way here?
It couldn't. But I know what could.
Demons are running loose in Louisiana,
and we need to find Satan's hell tunnel
and close it before it's too late.
Keep an eye out
for abandoned refrigerators.
[groans]
I know what it is.
I never told anyone this before,
but when I was just a little boy
in Canada,
my mother gave me a salamander as a pet.
His name was Slippy,
and he looked so scary, I couldn't sleep.
So, one night, I did the unthinkable.
-[water splashes]
-[flushing]
As I watched him circling the bowl,
I felt a great shame.
And before it was swallowed
by the plumbing void,
he gave me a look of sworn vengeance.
He vanished into the sewers,
gateway to the wild and unknown,
and I always knew that, one day,
he would hunt me down and kill me.
You think you'll be killed
by an angry turd in a condom?
Come on, Dietrich.
Flushing a pet is a jerk move,
but even if your salamander
survived the flush,
there's no way it could travel
from Canada to Louisiana via the sewer.
And even if it did,
it would be eaten by gators immediately.
And even if it wasn't,
their life span is 20 years max,
so it's probably dead.
Unless it's alive,
in which case, it's huge.
[woman screaming]
He's coming.
[suspenseful music playing]
I saw it! The alien is up there.
-You mean the demon?
-No, you mean the potoo.
No! You mean a big, slimy salamander
holding a lock
of my golden childhood hair!
No. It was an alien!
I was doing my pre-dinner leg stretches.
I read online that doing 15 minutes
of leg stretches before dinner
helps with digestion.
It's probably why
ballet dancers are so skinny.
Then my husband Don said
that was a bunch of new age hooey.
But I do my dinner stretching,
and it feels good.
He doesn't own me.
Okay, we get it.
Leg stretches, Don's a douche.
What about the alien?
All right, chère!
I beheld an outrageous-looking creature
from another world.
It had tiny, orange eyes,
bright with wickedness,
big old ears, and one long, bony finger,
that I swear it uses to paralyze
and/or probe its abductees. [whimpers]
There it is!
[rustling]
Lay your space finger on me,
celestial visitor.
Take me to the outer realms
and away from Don the Unworthy! [sighs]
Ugh! Finally. Let's go.
[adventurous music playing]
Why are we running towards it
when we should be running away?
[yelps] Cramp!
Très mal! I didn't finish my stretches!
Headlamps on.
[birds cawing]
-[animals screeching]
-[pants, screams]
Alien! [yelps]
[grunts]
No! Don't take me to space!
Zero gravity aggravates
my vestibular disorder!
-[Bonnie] I got you, Dietrich.
-Don't worry, it's just an aye-aye.
So, it is an alien!
The aye-aye from Madagascar
looks like a possessed alien
with rat's teeth,
but is actually just a shy nocturnal lemur
with long, bony fingers
that are ideally suited
to giving nonconsensual rectal probes,
but are actually especially adapted
to hunting wood-boring larvae.
-Hmm?
-[leaves rustle]
Hmm.
Why would a primitive lemur
from Madagascar
be in the Louisiana wetlands?
-[screeching]
-[BTG gasps]
-Take the aye-aye.
-Aye aye on the aye-aye!
-[laughs]
-[Bonnie chuckles]
Wow! That was good.
[groans] Okay.
[grunts]
[leaves rustling]
-[potoo squawks]
-[screams]
A potoo and an aye-aye,
two invasive species
from totally different parts of the world.
[groans] We might be dealing
with a wildlife smuggler.
-[squawks]
-We should get them back to the boat.
If they stay in this unfamiliar habitat,
they'll either die horrible deaths
due to lack of suitable food,
or even worse, they'll thrive,
and destroy this entire ecosystem.
-[leaves rustling]
-Wait, did you see that?
I could swear I saw an--
-[screams]
-Whoa!
[grunts]
-[groans]
-No, my camera!
[sighs] Thanks, aye-aye.
Guess someone doesn't want me
to win a Saturn Award.
[man grunting]
[panting]
The aye-aye finger drew blood.
Oh no. Am I gonna turn
into a long-fingered ghoul?
You're gonna be just fine.
You've had your rabies shots, right?
Well, yeah. I get one every month.
Okay, that's way too often.
-[darts buzzing]
-Phew. These mosquitoes are next level.
That's no mosquito. Look!
[man laughing]
[gasps] Something else is out there!
[laughing evilly]
[sinister music playing]
Wait here.
[potoo squawking]
Um, can we wait somewhere less terrifying?
Good idea.
Let's see where those lights
are coming from.
[eerie carnival music playing]
Agh, this is so much worse.
I always loved carnivals, until today.
[whimpers]
Ooh, even the prizes are creepy.
I can feel Slippy's presence.
-[screeching]
-[screams] Help! The toys are alive!
[thuds on ground]
-[glasses clink]
-[whimpers]
-[chatters]
-That devil monkey broke my glasses.
-That's no devil.
-[both screams]
That's a bald uakari.
I studied them in Brazil.
Listen to this.
[imitates monkey chatter]
-[shrieking]
-[imitates monkey squealing]
Stop squealing and tell me
what the hell happened to you.
[sighs] I feel no one appreciates
how accurate my primate calls are.
Someone or something
hit me in the head with this.
Jesus, Uncle B!
Come on,
we have an exotic monkey to rescue.
[Bonnie] He's leading us
to a secret underground military base
used to hide repurposed alien technology.
Uh, no, it's some kind
of illegal exotic zoo of smuggled animals.
-[alarm sounding]
-Guys, we have company.
[BTG] Komodo dragon.
Look at that eager tongue
with the flickering of a flame.
You know,
some say they were the inspiration
for the fire-breathing dragon legend.
[Bonnie] That's fascinating,
but there's five of them now.
-Okay, let's all just back away slowly.
-[Komodo dragons hissing]
Their toxic jaws could inflict
hideous wounds and deadly infection.
Yep, someone's definitely trying
to kill you, Uncle B.
[all screaming]
Wait for me!
[hissing]
There's no way out!
Yes, there is.
[grunts] This way!
-[hissing]
-[screams]
[pants, grunts]
[door clatters]
[footsteps approaching]
[sucks air, sighs]
Well, so much for capri pants this summer.
All you do is save animals.
Why would anyone want you dead?
His BO is pretty ripe, just saying.
-[sniffing]
-Um…
-Blech!
-Uncle B, does this look familiar to you?
[BTG] Bertrand Theon Greive.
[Dietrich] Bertrand Theon Greive?
No!
Wait, who's that?
Our estranged cousin.
He sullied the Greive name
by selling endangered animals for profit.
I thought he died years ago.
As did I.
Do you think he faked his death?
I don't know.
But his initials are also BTG,
so if he is alive,
he might just try to kill me
in order to become
the next Grieve expedition leader.
[laughs] But that wouldn't work
unless he killed you as well.
[laughs] Right, Bonnie?
Bonnie?
[suspenseful music playing]
[echoing] Bonnie?
Dietrich!
Bonnie?
[screeching]
[echoing] Bonnie?
Dietrich!
-Where are you guys?
-[rumbling]
[grunting]
[light flickering]
[muffled screams]
Bonnie! [grunting]
Bonnie! What the hell happened?
[sighs] He's alive!
Your psycho cousin lives!
[muffled yelling]
What is it, Dietrich?
[sniffing]
I smell warm almonds.
Mmm, I love hot nuts.
Wait, that's not almonds,
that's hydrogen cyanide.
Whoa, did you just say cyanide?
Like spy-suicide-capsule cyanide?
Uh, not quite.
Pink dragon millipedes.
They emit cyanide naturally as a defense.
There might be enough
in this enclosed space to kill us all!
We have to leave, now!
[grunting]
We're locked in.
Why are there so many doors in this place?
Oh God!
We're gonna be killed
by toxic millipede gas!
My hairdresser was right!
[evil laughter]
Did I just summon a giant robot clown?
[in disguised voice] Hello, cousins.
I couldn't believe it
when I heard you were here.
-Welcome to my exotic menagerie.
-[gas hissing]
I have captured
the strangest animals you can imagine,
from all over the world.
[all coughing]
I never thought I'd die
in a carnival office.
Human cannonball accident,
a throwing knife fight, maybe?
[Bertrude] I hope
you enjoy tonight's red-hot finale
by my Australian firebirds,
who will burn away
all evidence of your existence.
[coughs] He's kidding, right?
Birds don't start fires.
[BTG coughing] No, he's not.
Many Australian raptors hunt
by dropping burning embers into dry grass
to start forest fires
and force prey out into the open.
Oh boy,
those poor birds look so emaciated.
We gotta get out of here!
[coughing]
I have an idea.
I'll eat the millipedes
and let their gas consume me.
[retching]
And that'll give you enough time
to figure out an escape.
-[coughing]
-That's a stupid idea.
Wait. The millipedes!
I think there's a way out.
Grab my hand, Dietrich!
[gasps] That seems reasonable.
[wheezing]
Mmm. [retches]
Ugh. [spits]
That's just… No.
[fire blazing]
[BTG] This is bad. Come on,
we need to get the animals out of here.
[Bonnie] How? There's too many to carry!
[BTG] Hmm.
[engine starts]
[grunting]
There you go.
Keep all one thousand arms and legs
inside the ride at all times.
[laughs]
Oh, wow!
You guys are on fire today, literally!
Oh, Dietrich,
self-respect is like a muscle,
-and if you… You know what? Never mind.
-[explodes]
Bonnie, let's go!
Wait, look!
It's Slippy, my old toilet friend!
Don't be scared, Dietrich.
You may have wronged
this creature in the past,
but now it's time… time for redemption.
I'll save you, Slippy!
[sighs] Great, here you go.
Go, go, go, go!
[engine revving]
[sighs] Okay, here's the plan.
We'll take these animals home,
get your head wound stitched up,
we come back here,
and we beat the living crap
out of our creepy cousin.
Good plan. Simple, violent, inelegant.
-Where do you wanna go first?
-Here's what I'm thinking--
-[screaming]
-[brakes squealing]
Agh, bloody hell.
[in French accent] You think this is over?
I'll be seeing you, Cousin Bradley.
Mon petit babou.
[laughs evilly]
-Go, go, go!
-[ties squeal]
[continues laughing]
[clenching teeth] Get this off of me.
[grunts] Um…
Hey, Bonnie, if you see a bathroom,
can you please pull over?
I, um…
Yeah, I… I really need to go.
[groovy music playing]